Ibero-American Journal of …
… Brazilian Journal of …
HETS Online Journal
Journal of Applied …
… : European Journal for the Philosophy of …
International Journal of Multicultural …
international journal of iberian studies
International Journal of …
European Journal of Education …
Colombian Applied Linguistics Journal
Journal of Educational …
Journal of sport and …
Crossings: Journal of Migration & Culture
Journal of Dance & …
Empedocles: European Journal for the …
International Journal of Morphology
Nottingham Law Journal
Journal of Economics, Finance …
Spanish Journal of Rural Development
Revista UNISCI/UNISCI Journal
APUNTES-Journal of Cultural Heritage Studies
Analitika (Revista de Analisis Estadistico/Journal of …
Brazilian Journal of Information Design
Revista Ciências Sociais em Perspectiva (Journal …
Journal for the Study of Antisemitism
Fonseca, Journal …
Journal of Information …
Journal of Digital Media & Policy
International journal of the Linguistic Association of the …
Journal of Digital …
Catalan Journal of …
International Journal of Cuban …
Brazilian Journal of …
Future Studies Research Journal: Trends and Strategy
Journal of Information Systems & Technology …
… Journal of Sport …
Online Journal Mundo Asia Pacifico
Online Brazilian Journal of Nursing
Journal of sport …
… Journal: Trends and …
… American Journal of …
Journal of Exercise …
Spanish journal of rural …
Brazilian Journal of Information …
… Scientific Journal (CSJ)
Latin American Journal …
European Journal of …
Women's Health Journal
South African Journal …
Journal of …
Portuguese Journal of Public Health
Journal of Economics, Finance and Administrative …
… Latin American Journal …
International journal of morphology
… Journal/Revista de …
Multequena Latin American Journal of Natural …
Journal of climate
Journal of Climate
Columbia Journalism Review
ABA Journal
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution (Atlanta, GA)
International journal of communication (Online)
American Journalism Review
Journal of Illustration
Electronic Journal of …
International Journal of Instructional Media
Journal of Applied Arts & Health
Journal of Applied meteorology
The Australasian Journal of Popular Culture
Journal of Interdisciplinary Voice Studies
Journal of Applied Journalism & …
Journal of Hospitality and Tourism …
International Journal of Business, Marketing, and …
Journal of Scandinavian Cinema
Journal of Arab & Muslim Media …
Radio Journal: International …
Journal of Hydrometeorology
Journal of Property Management
MIRAJ: Moving Image Review & Art Journal
Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology
… Journal: International Studies in Broadcast & …
Journal of Popular Music Education
American journalism review
Journal of European Popular Culture
Journal of the atmospheric …
Journal of global diaspora & media
Journal of Writing in Creative Practice
Whole Dog Journal
New Cinemas: Journal of Contemporary Film
East Asian Journal of Popular Culture
Judaism: A Quarterly Journal of Jewish Life and …
Journal of Italian Cinema & Media …
European Journal of American Culture
Journal of Curatorial Studies
Journal of applied …
Journal of Urban Cultural Studies
Journal of African Cinemas
Moving Image Review & Art Journal
australian journalism review
Catalan journal of communication & cultural …
Journal of Atmospheric …
Air & Space Power Journal-Africa and Francophonie
Performing Ethos: An International Journal of Ethics …
The Australasian Journal of Popular …
Journal of Adaptation in Film & Performance
Journal of Science & Popular …
Franchise Law Journal
Journal of Italian Cinema …
Journal of Visual Political Communication
european journal of american culture
Journal of Alternative & Community Media
title Journal of Multilingual and Multicultural …
Journal of African Media Studies
Journal of Dance & Somatic …
Journal of Interdisciplinary …
International journal of the Linguistic Association …
… journal of the Linguistic Association of the …
international journal of francophone studies
Journal of Physical Oceanography
Journal of the Atmospheric …
Journal of the atmospheric sciences
Journal of Shellfish …
International Journal of Food Design
Journal of Physical …
Journal of Applied Meteorology and …
Journal of the …
Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences
Journal of Applied Meteorology
Journal of Applied Meteorology …
Journal of applied meteorology and …
Journal of applied meteorology
Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic …
Journal of applied meteorology and climatology
Journal of Fandom Studies
Journal of Italian Cinema & Media Studies
Journal of Evolutionary Psychology
Journal of Pervasive Media
ACH: The Journal of the History of Culture in Australia
Journal of Popular Television
Journal of Religion and Film
Ubiquity: The Journal of Pervasive Media
Journal of the American Viola Society (JAVS)
Southwest Journal of Linguistics
Journal of Arts & …
Frontiers: A Journal of Women's Studies
Journal of Music, Technology & …
International Journal of education …
… Journal of education …
Journal of Screenwriting
International Journal of technology …
Library Journal
Radio Journal: International Studies in Broadcast & …
International Journal of Fashion Studies
Journal of Interdisciplinary Voice …
International Journal of Islamic …
Journal of Contemporary Chinese Art
The Baseball Research Journal
Journal of Music …
The International Journal of Creativity and …
International Journal of Islamic Architecture
technoetic arts: a Journal of Speculative …
Transitions: Journal of …
Journal of Greek Media & Culture
Journal of Applied Arts & …
International Journal of Music in Early …
Journal of Greek …
International Journal of Music …
Luxury Studies: The In Pursuit of Luxury Journal
Forum on Public Policy: A Journal of the Oxford Round …
Journal of the Statistical and Social Inquiry Society of …
International journal of …
Alimentos e Nutricao (Brazilian Journal of …
Journal of Music, Technology & Education
Journal for the study of antisemitism
International Journal of Health Management …
International Journal of Urban & …
Spanish journal of …
… Journal/Revista de Gestão Social e …
Venezuelan Journal of Academic Affairs
Empedocles: European Journal for the Philosophy …
international journal of …
NAER-Journal of New Approaches in Educational …
… journal of research …
Latin American Journal of …
Journal of Coatings …
Puerto Rico Health Sciences Journal
portuguese journal of social science
Journal of Greek Media & …
Journal for the …
Journal of Digital Media & …
Journal of Italian cinema & media studies
Journal of Gaming & Virtual Worlds
International Journal of media & cultural politics
LE JOURNAL DE L'ANIMATION
Journal of Specialized Nursing Care
Sapienza: International Journal of …
The Journal of Latino-Latin American Studies
new cinemas: journal of contemporary film
Journal of Human Services
Journal of Advertising Research
Journal of School Health
International journal of communication
Indian Journal of …
Journal of Science …
… cinemas: journal of …
School Library Journal
IDEA Fitness Journal
American Nurse Journal
Child Study Journal
… Journal of Music in …
Journal of Adaptation in Film & …
International Journal of Food …
Catalan journal of …
Indian Journal of Scientific Research
International Journal …
Canadian Journal of Regional Science
Journal of Popular …
Pertanika Journal of …
British Journal of Community Justice
The Journal of Musculoskeletal …
Southern Medical Journal
Journal of Respiratory Diseases
Journal of Arts & Communities
Journal of Popular Music …
Journal of Education and Research in Nursing
Radio Journal: International Studies in Broadcast …
Journal of the Nigeria Society of Physiotherapy
Journal of the National Institute for Career Education …
Journal of Italian …
Journal of Arab & Muslim Media Research
International Journal of Architecture …
portuguese journal of …
International Journal of Community Music
Law, Social Justice and Global Development Journal
The Canadian Journal of …
The Journal of Musculoskeletal Medicine
American journal of health studies
Journal of Arab & Muslim …
JAAPA-Journal of the American Academy of Physicians …
Journal of New Zealand & Pacific Studies
International Journal of Media & Cultural …
Catalan Journal of Communication & Cultural …
International Journal of Economic Development
Journal of Alternative & …
international journal of community music
Technoetic Arts: A Journal of Speculative Research
International Journal of Communication
Journal of Psychiatric Nursing
Journal of Gaming & Virtual …
Life Science Journal
Transitions: Journal of Transient Migration
Journal of Global Diaspora & Media
Journal of African …
Journal of Fandom …
Forum on Public Policy: a Journal of the Oxford Round …
International Journal of Education Through Art
International Journal of education through art
Journal of Environmental Media
International journal of media & cultural politics
Journal of Dance & Somatic Practices
Journal of family practice
Transitions: Journal of Transient …
Journal of Design …
Asian Journal of Research in Education …
Journal of Medical Speech-Language …
International Journal of Electronic …
Alif: Journal of Comparative Poetics
The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality
International journal of Media & Cultural politics
Journal of Gaming & …
International Journal of Sustainable Fashion & …
British Journal of Social Work
international journal of iberian …
The Journal of Values …
Journal of Turkish Sleep Medicine
portuguese journal of social …
International journal of fashion studies
Journal of the American …
Journal of Buddhist Ethics
Liceo Journal of Higher Education …
Catalan journal of communication & …
Journal of Applied Journalism & Media Studies
Journal of Education and …
… Journal on Mathematic, Engineering and Natural …
International Journal of Case Studies in …
… : International Journal of …
Journal of Economics …
… de Economía: Latin American journal of …
Journal of iberian …
… -American Journal of …
Hydrogeology journal
The Sport Journal
Journal of advertising …
… & Dietetics: The Journal of the …
Atlantic Economic Journal
Journal of school health
Journal of the American Dietetic Association
Indian Journal of Community Psychology
Journal of Evolution of Medical and …
Journal of Evolution of Medical and Dental …
VAHPERD Journal
Journal of Evolution of …
AASA Journal of Scholarship & Practice
International Journal of Health & …
Journal of Evolution of Medical …
Southern medical journal
First Things: A Monthly Journal of Religion and Public …
South African Journal of Sports Medicine
The Canadian Journal …
International Journal Dental and Medical Sciences …
Nutrition & Dietetics: The Journal of the Dietitians …
International Journal of Sports Marketing & …
Journal of the American Dietetic …
Canadian Journal of …
International journal …
Turkish Journal of Child and Adolescent …
Canadian Home Economics Journal
Turkish Journal of …
Australian journal of nutrition and dietetics
Pakistan Journal of Psychological Research
Journal of Applied Communication …
Iris: A Journal About Women
North American Journal of …
Journal of Multidisciplinary Academic Tourism
Global Journal of Medical Pharmaceutical …
The Journal of Society and Media
AORN journal
ANNA journal
Journal of Family Practice
International Journal of Pharmaceutical and …
Journal of Gambling Studies
Avalokana Journal of …
American Journal of …
SA Journal of Industrial Psychology
Journal of Multidisciplinary …
Journal of Pediatrics …
Journal of Community Nursing
International Journal of Mental …
Journal of Neuroscience Nursing
ADDICTA: The Turkish Journal on …
Journal of Turkish Sleep …
Journal of Basic and Clinical …
British Medical Journal
Journal ISSN
Canadian ethnic studies journal
Journal of Urban Technology and …
Latin American Journal of Aquatic Research
Journal of Competitiveness Studies
Future Studies Research Journal …
… Journal of Mental …
Alimentos e Nutricao (Brazilian Journal of Food …
Intercontinental Journal of Sport …
International Journal of Health …
Brazilian Journal of Biology
International Journal of Professional Business …
Journal of Economics, Finance and …
International Journal of Cuban Studies
International Journal of Action Research
Spanish journal of rural development
Catalan Journal of Communication & …
International Journal of Iberian Studies
The Classical Journal
The European Journal …
CENTRO: Journal of the Center for Puerto Rican …
Brazilian Journal of Motor …
… Scientific Journal (CSJ …
Journal of Latin …
International Journal of Men's Health
APUNTES-Journal of Cultural Heritage …
Journal of Informetrics
Journal of Teacher Education and Lifelong Learning
The La Trobe Journal
Portuguese Journal of Social Science
Journal of communications technology & …
Japanese journal of tribology
Indian journal of pure & …
Russian journal of physical …
Russian journal of …
Australian Journalism Review
Journal of Urban Technology …
Japanese journal of …
European coatings journal
Indian journal of pure & applied …
Journal of physical oceanography
Journal of Atmospheric Sciences
Journal of Wound …
… Journal of Conflict …
Journal of physical …
Resistances. Journal of the Philosophy of History
Runas. Journal of Education and Culture
Journal of Atmospheric and …
Journal of hydrometeorology
Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology
ASEAN Journal of …
International Journal of Psychological Research
Journal of Class & Culture
Connection Scientific Journal …
Future Studies Research Journal: Trends …
Journal of Information Systems & …
Spanish Journal of …
… e Nutricao (Brazilian Journal of Food …
Journal d'urologie
HOW-A Colombian Journal for Teachers of …
Bordón: Journal of …
Journal of reproductive …
Journal of Urban …
Thomson Business Journal
Journal of business …
International journal of the …
LE JOURNAL DES PROFESSIONNELS DE L' …
Journal of Agribusiness in Developing and Emerging …
Ignatian International Journal …
Brazilian Journal of Motor Behavior
International Journal of Professional …
Journal of Behavioral …
Journal of the Indian Society of Pedodontics & …
Journal of human nutrition …
Cumhuriyet Dental Journal
Gateway Journalism Review
Journal of Social Issues
… African Journal of HIV …
Journal of Diabetes …
Malaysian Journal of …
Journal of Park and …
… Journal of Social …
… journal of paediatric …
American Journal of Audiology
Journal of Addictions & Offender Counseling
Open Journal of Social Sciences
Journal of Sports Science …
… journal of women's …
Turkish Journal of Child and …
Journal of Social and …
Physician Leadership Journal
Southern African Journal of Social Work and …
Journal of Education and Entrepreneurship
Zulfaqar Journal of Defence Management, Social …
Journal of General Practice Nursing
International journal of environmental …
Journal of Nursing …
Online Learning Journal (OLJ)
Journal of Behavioral Medicine
The Journal for Specialists in Group …
Journal of Family Health Care
Journal Of Family Practice
North American Journal …
Journal of the American Chiropractic Association
Journal of Alzheimer's Disease
Journal of Evolution of Medical and Dental Sciences
Journal of Physical Education …
Journal of Nonprofit Education …
Journal of Education and Research in …
… : Southern African Journal of Criminology & …
Technology and Economics Law Journal
Journal of Ankara …
Journal of Education and Training Studies
LLT Journal: A Journal on Language and Language …
American Medical Writers Association Journal
Journal of Diabetes Nursing
College Student Journal
The Journal of Allergy …
World Journal of Meta-Analysis
Journal of Pain Research
Journal of pediatric …
Journal of African Education
Journal of Adolescent & Adult Literacy
Journal of Nutrition College
West Virginia Medical Journal
International Journal of Education …
Journal of the New …
International Journal of Multicultural Education
… Journal of Data and …
Journal of Communications Media Studies
Clinical Kinesiology: Journal of the American …
International journal of medical informatics
Journal of Heart Centered Therapies
Journal of Forensic …
Journal of Transport & …
World Electric Vehicle Journal
Zulfaqar Journal of Defence …
African Journal of Reproductive Health
… Journal of Health & Allied Sciences
International Journal of Sport and Exercise …
Journal of Special Education Technology
Journal of Comparative and International Higher …
Journal of Environmental Health
Journal of Health Sciences …
Journal of Scandinavian …
Journal of Intelligent …
Chinese Journal of Tissue …
The Journal of Social Media in Society
Film Journal International
PSA Journal
Journal of informetrics
Journal of Design, Business & …
Journal of Food Safety …
Journal of education and ethics in Dentistry
European Journal of Molecular …
Estudios Irlandeses-Journal of Irish Studies
Journal of Critical Incidents
Asian Journal of Science and …
Australian journalism review
Industrial Fire Journal
San Fernando Valley Business Journal
Pharmacognosy Journal
SAMJ South African Medical Journal
African Journal of Hospitality, Tourism and Leisure
Crossings: Journal of Migration & …
Journal of advertising Research
Journal of advertising research
Griffith Journal of Law and Human Dignity
The Journal of Critical Illness
Microwave Journal
International Journal of Dynamics of Fluids
Journal of Contemporary Painting
Training & Development Journal
International Journal of Basic & Clinical …
Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Management
Journal of atmospheric and …
Journal of African Media …
Journal of applied journalism & …
International Journal of Information Science and …
International journal of instructional media
Cinema Journal
Northwest Dentistry Journal
Journal of atmospheric and oceanic …
Journal of fandom studies
Journal of Digital Media …
Journal of Accountancy
Journal of documentation
… Journal of Food …
The Journal
Catalan journal of communication & cultural studies
journal of Hydrometeorology
American Journal of Water Resources
Canadian journal of …
Journal of Behavioral Addictions
JAAPA-Journal of the …
CME: Your SA Journal of CPD
Journal of Occupational …
… Journal of Reproduction, Contraception, Obstetrics and …
European Journal of Molecular and Clinical …
Journal of Sustainable Urban & Regional Development …
Sharif Journal of …
Child study journal
South African Journal of Obstetrics and …
International Journal of Educational …
Latin American Journal of Aquatic …
Brazilian Journal …
Journal of Information Systems …
Resistances. Journal of the Philosophy of …
Journal Health …
International Journal of media & cultural …
Puerto Rico health sciences journal
Western Journal of Black Studies
Journal of the Market Research Society
Journal of Risk and …
Journal of Applied Journalism & Media …
Journal of Singing
Journal of Curatorial …
… Arts: A Journal of Speculative Research
Journal of Visual …
International Journal of Instructional …
Canadian Journal of Counselling and …
Journal of Clinical …
Vietnam Journal of Educational Sciences
Sapienza: International Journal …
Fisheries and Aquaculture Journal
Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing
Ethics & Medicine: An International Journal of …
Journal of Fish and Wildlife …
The International Sports Law Journal
American Journal of Italian Studies
Social Policy Journal of New Zealand
Journal of College Literacy and Learning
Georgetown Journal of …
Journal of Instructional Psychology
Australian Journal of …
Journal of Health and Nursing Management
Indian Journal of Positive Psychology
International Journal of Integrated Care (IJIC)
Bordón: Journal of Education/Revista de …
Portuguese Journal of …
Journal of Italian Cinema & …
Journal of Food Safety & …
Journal of Nanomaterials
Pakistan Textile Journal
International Journal of Production …
International Journal of Dental …
Southwest China Journal of …
Journal of Computational …
Russian Physics Journal
Journal of new zealand & pacific studies
Indian Journal of Oral Sciences
Journal of clinical …
Journal of popular television
Journal of Arab & …
Journal of Science & Popular Culture
Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute
Journal of Polymer Science …
The Anatolian Journal of Cardiology …
New Zealand Journal of Medical Laboratory Science
… China Journal of …
Chinese Journal of …
European Journal of Molecular and …
Indian Journal of Science and …
The British Journal of Aesthetics
JAWS: Journal of Arts Writing by Students
International Journal of Digital …
International Journal of Agriculture Environment and …
… -Journal of the American Academy of …
Indian journal of …
Journal of Psychology and Theology
Journal of Contemporary Iraq & the Arab …
The Journal of Foot and Ankle Surgery
Malaysian Journal of Medical Sciences
… Physical Journal B …
Indian Theatre Journal
Journal of Engineering …
Canadian Journal of Chemistry
East Asian Journal of …
Italian Journal of Food Science
Florida Bar Journal
International Journal of Applied Chemistry
Journal of the Fantastic in the Arts
The Anatolian Journal of …
International Journal of Science for Global …
Journal of Visual Political …
Dental Journal: Majalah …
Journal of Medical …
Journal of Scientific …
The Comics Grid: Journal of Comics Scholarship
Journal of Multidisciplinary Research
KLIMIK Journal
Aethlon: The Journal of Sport Literature
Journal of Controversial Medical Claims
Nigerian Journal of …
… Applied Linguistics Journal
HOW-A Colombian Journal for Teachers of English
IJABER. International Journal of Arts …
Journal of School …
AJOT: American Journal of …
Journal of Park and Recreation Administration
Journal of Sport Behavior
International journal of comparative sociology
Journal of neuroscience …
Journal of Alcohol & …
The Journal of Rehabilitation
Australian Journal of Nutrition and Dietetics
Journal of Experiential Education
International Journal of Health & Allied …
The Journal of Employee Assistance
Journal of Family …
Journal of school Health
The Journal of …
JAAPA-Journal of the American Academy …
Journal of Medical Speech …
Prosecutor, Journal of the National District Attorneys …
Australian Journal of Music Therapy
Policy Studies Journal
… Journal of Frontiers …
Earth Island Journal
Journal of Cranio-Maxillary …
Journal of school …
Kentucky SHAPE JOURNAL
ABNF Journal
Egyptian Journal of …
College student journal
International Journal of Childbirth Education
… Journal of Public …
International Journal of Dental Clinics
Oil & gas journal
Journal of Nutrition, Fasting & Health
ANNA Journal
World journal of …
Asia Pacific Journal of Education
Hong Kong Journal of Paediatrics (New series)
Global Journal of Medical …
City Journal
… Journal of Health …
Madhya Pradesh Journal of Social …
Hong Kong Journal of …
International Journal of Reproduction …
International Journal of Environmental …
Journal of the Bromeliad Society
… journal of iberian …
International Journal of Iberian …
Journal of the Oil and Colour Chemists' …
… Journal of Music in Early Childhood
Pakistan Journal of …
Journal of medical …
Journal of Early Childhood and Infant …
Hong Kong Journal of Psychiatry
EJONS INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL
Massage Therapy Journal
Indonesian Journal of Early …
Journal of Faculty …
Journal of Emerging Economies & Islamic …
Journal of the National Society of Allied Health
British journal of community justice
International Journal of Environmental Research and …
